---

title: Transitionally
date: 2018-08-06 15:14 UTC
tags: 

---

<img src="/assets/images/2018_08_08_broc_bar.JPG" alt="Broc'Bar" />

Seated with a tall beer in this damp, warmly lit Broc’Bar in Lyon, I’m
debuting my updated website with its updated blog, so: welcome! Bienvenue!
I’m happy that you’re taking the time to read this.

I updated my website to reflect a new chapter in my life, one in which I’m
hopeful, grateful, and open to whatever may come. This past year, after
turning 27 (also my golden year, since my birthday occured on a 27th of a
month), I encountered a breakthrough of a realizations that broke through
many assumptions, expectations, and fears that layered atop each other over
time: this was the year to try something very new in my life. In this new
chapter, I hope to unfold these layers and face them head-on.   
  
So far, what that’s looked like is that I quit my job to take some time to
pursue my artistic/creative projects, and to travel. I’ve always wanted to
live outside of the United States for a considerable duration of time longer
than a standard vacation, so I’m in France for at least 2.5 months doing just
that. 

It’s been less than a week since I’ve been year, and it’s been a whole
experience of excitement, adjustment, anxiety, beautiful sunsets, sweaty
walks, and meeting new people. And I’m *so* excited to see what more will
unfold over the next few months.

More on that for later. As I’m soaking up this apéro hiding away from the
rain outside, tucked into the interior of this cafe, yet still connected to
everyone sitting outside, I’m going to spend time on one of my artistic
projects.
