---

title: "Watching America From a Distance #BelieveChristine"
date: 2018-09-28 12:20 UTC
tags: 
image: /assets/images/2018_09_28_christine_blasey_ford.JPG
image_description: "Christine Blasey Ford"
subtitle: "Reflecting on American politics while in France"

---

<img src="/assets/images/2018_09_28_christine_blasey_ford.JPG" alt="Christine Blasey Ford" />

Yesterday was a hard day to sit in France and to be away from America. It was
Thursday, September 27, 2018 — the day of Senate  hearings around Dr. Christine
Blasey Ford’s allegations of being sexually assaulted by Judge Brett Kavanaugh
when they were both in high school.

With France’s timezone six hours ahead of that of the east coast, and nine
hours of the west coast, it took me awhile to internalize the solidarity with
all of my friends, family, and communities in the United States. It was during
my mid-late afternoon here in Lyon that morning began in D.C. with the Senate
hearings. It was when my Instagram and Facebook began to flood with hashtags
like #WeBelieveSurvivors and #CancelKavanaugh and with articles, video clips,
excerpts, readings, and other formats focused on the issue. Since I don’t have
any American friends nor really know any American here in Lyon, I went
throughout the day not really talking about this with anyone. It was weird to
acknowledge that a monumental proceeding that will live in history books for
decades to come was happening back at home, while I was here strolling through
the typically European cobblestone and narrow pathways, past people
nonchalently enjoying their smoke, wine, and conversation that buzzed about.
And rather than seeking out a new concert or bar to try out in the evening last
night at 11pm, I opted to buy a bottle of wine and just sit in the kitchen of
the apartment to stream the hearings.

I imagined the parallel version of yesterday had I been in the states. I would
have gone into work in the morning, and this would have been a major topic of
watercooler conversation with my colleagues; we would have mentioned the
severity of it and have scheduled meetings around the hearings so that we could
stream it remotely from our computers, all the while continuing to concentrate
on the day’s work, if we were successful, at all.  At some point during such a
shitty day, I would have likely texted a few of my friends to try to meet up in
the evening to decompress and to support each other. Maybe we would have gone
to Telegraph because of their ample, communal patio seating with a decent
selection of beer and burgers. Emphasis on the word “communal”, for it would
put us in direct, physical contact with others who’d palpably feel as we did;
even if we never spoke to them, we would know that the whole crowd felt
equivalently tense, disappointed, nervous, anxious. After a few hours, I would
have driven home and stumbled through my front door and plop myself in front of my laptop
computer, checking Facebook, the news, Twitter, and Instagram again for any new
updates, insights, and conversations.

It’s easy for me to imagine what it’s like to proceed through a day like this
in America. A day where you go about your normal routine with work and personal
life, set against the backdrop of a major political and social events elsewhere
(or everywhere?) in the country. It’s because we have a lot of those days. For
some, those days cut them directly, whereas for others, they feel more like a
bruise. With struggle and oppression come resistance and empowerment. I think
that is why the entire nation gripped itself to the courage and heroism of Dr.
Ford’s confession. 

It’s hard to follow the dialogue around Kavanaugh’s possible confirmation to
the highest court of the country because it reiterates the despicable privilege
that white, straight, male America strives desperately to maintain. It makes me
angry, and also sometimes powerless. Nevertheless, I felt proud to also learn
about the various protests and acts of resistance echoing and rumbling through
the multi-faceted, varied landscape that is our country. The people who risk
their safety to speak out about  experiencing sexual assault and violence in
the workplace, on college campuses, in intimate corners of a home, and
elsewhere. Those that listen and support, even if the ways in which one
supports may not always be clear. Those that begin to acknowledge how their
current or past behaviors have perpetuated misogyny or sexual violence, and
seek to unlearn and untrain such habits. Those that begin to see what a more
just world could look like, and then slowly walk towards that path. 

Being far away from America on a day like yesterday reminded me of the heart
and soul that people posess so deeply to fight even despite the seemingly
insurmountable hierarchy undergirding our entire society. I’m nervous about the
results of today. But to help me deal with it, I want to focus on what I’m
capable of doing for my country in the skill I know best: drawing. So I’m going
to continue to try to draw and make art to help spread messages and build
awareness and empathy.


